Update adopt.md (#554)
demisto/content-docs: docs/partners/adopt.md

The process to Adopt-a-Pack is simple:
1. Partner signs the Palo Alto Networks Technology Partnership Agreement. If you've already signed our agreement, you will not have to sign again. We may need to send you a statement via email but there is no additional paperwork to Adopt. 
1. Partner notifies Palo Alto Networks that they wish to adopt the pack. *Important:* you must notify us so we can work with you. 

> 1. Partner opens a PR on the pack. The PR must update the readme (per text below) and increment the version number together with the relevant release note. It is recomended to run `demisto-sdk update-release-notes -i Packs/<MyPack>` which will generate a new release note file and will bump the pack version, for more info can be founf [here](..docs/documentation/release-notes). This starts the 90 day transition period. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Partner opens a PR on the pack. The PR must update the readme (per text below) and increment the version number together with the relevant release note. It is recommended to run `demisto-sdk update-release-notes -i Packs/<MyPack>` which will generate a new release note file and will bump the pack version. More information can be found [here](..docs/documentation/release-notes). This starts the 90 day transition period. 
```

Author: Nice

> 1. Partner opens a PR on the pack. The PR must update the readme (per text below) and increment the version number together with the relevant release note. It is recommended to run `demisto-sdk update-release-notes -i Packs/<MyPack>` which will generate a new release note file and will bump the pack version. More information can be found [here](..docs/documentation/release-notes). This starts the 90 day transition period. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Partner opens a PR on the pack. The PR must update the readme (per text below) and increment the version number together with a release note identical to the text below. It is recommended to run `demisto-sdk update-release-notes -i Packs/<MyPack>` which will generate a new release note file and will bump the pack version. More information can be found [here](..docs/documentation/release-notes). This starts the 90 day transition period. 
```
